# Fair Use

All the online contents collected and used in this archive is for non-profit purposes: to advance the freedom of speech and the internet and to improve government accountability and transparency, protection of human rights, and public welfare. Through collecting online contents regarding COVID-19, this archive can let voices and the information of COVID-19 accessed by public. Anyone can use this archive for free. Users will be able to use our archive freely to study, investigate, and explore the truth behind the information manipulation and control of authoritarian forces. 

Furthermore, in order to make contents we collected unstandable to global users, this archive might translate part of the contents collected in this archive into English, but shall not provide translations of full text of each content under most circumstances. All users can read all the translations for free. The copyrights of all the contents still belong to their respective authors. For the translation which based on the banned information with unknown or untouchable authors, the Creative Commons License or Statement status here shall be described as: “The copyright and related rights of the original materials are attributed to the original authors, and be archived here under Fair Use doctrine based on public welfare of freedom of information. The translators basically alleged no derivative rights whatsoever for the translation and no responsibilities for the unintentional misinterpretation, the CC BY license or CC0 dedication labels on the translation construct further disseminating gesture in good intention and only apply to the translation itself. 

To sum up, we believe that the purposes of the use of all of the contents collected in this archive meet the principle of Fair Use of copyrights.

Users who hope to use any contents selected in our archive beyond the scope of Fair Use described above, should reach the original authors or copyrights owners of the information for their consents.
